README.md, before:

# Snake and Ladder Game OpenGL with C Language

<p>The game <strong>Snakes and Ladders</strong> has enthralled generations of children, and gone through a few name changes along the way. 
The object of the game is to navigate one's game piece, according to die rolls, from the start (bottom square) to the finish (top square),
helped by climbing ladders but hindered by falling down snakes.The game with designed with <strong> OpenGL</strong>(Open Graphics Library ) .
OpenGL is competing application programming interfaces (APIs) which can be used in applications to render 2D and 3D computer graphics, 
taking advantage of hardware acceleration when available. Modern graphics processing unit (GPUs) may implement a particular version of 
the APIs .OpenGL is a specification implemented in the C language, though it can use other programming languages.
A screenshot of the output is projected<strong>“done.png” </strong> and other screenshot I was trying to do the same  <strong>" snakes &ladders.jpg"</strong></p>

# How to Compile?
you will need an IDE with standard libraries and Free Glut and Glew (OpenGL Libraries) <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kqv6MPpemBc>

Commit message:

Refactoring
Code clean-up, adding missing libraries, ensure no warnings, ensure type safety-ish.
Program is compilable using visual studio without modifications

README.md, after:

## Snake and Ladder Game OpenGL with C Language

<p>The game <strong>Snakes and Ladders</strong> has enthralled generations of children, and gone through a few name changes along the way. 
The object of the game is to navigate one's game piece, according to die rolls, from the start (bottom square) to the finish (top square),
helped by climbing ladders but hindered by falling down snakes.The game with designed with <strong> OpenGL</strong>(Open Graphics Library ) .
OpenGL is competing application programming interfaces (APIs) which can be used in applications to render 2D and 3D computer graphics, 
taking advantage of hardware acceleration when available. Modern graphics processing unit (GPUs) may implement a particular version of 
the APIs .OpenGL is a specification implemented in the C language, though it can use other programming languages.
A screenshot of the output is projected<strong>“done.png” </strong> and other screenshot I was trying to do the same  <strong>" snakes &ladders.jpg"</strong></p>

# How to Compile?
Open visual studio solution, build, and run
